this is the XFX a war pad with edgeless
support system and I'm going to go as
far as to say that this is the most
obvious thing that nobody ever came up
with before blaze a warpath with the XFX
war Pad giving everyone you know what
I'm just gonna I'm gonna read this up
see guys giving every bit of the
advantage the XFX warp pad provides the
perfect gaming surface that isn't rough
around the edges designed to eliminate
friction and discomfort while amassing
those hours of gaming the XFX warp pad
provides an edge 'less support system
that provides comfort for your continual
gameplay come on no okay game on without
rubbing your forearm on the rough corner
of your desk and glide to victory so
that last sentence is probably the only
part of that that has any relevance
whatsoever but very relevant it happens
to be so the warp pad is basically a
plastic clamp right here with a soft
nice thick very comfortable feeling
cloth gaming mouse pad wrapped around it
so what you do is you take your clamp
put it on the end you know I'm going to
do it on this side so you can actually
see what I'm doing and there's some more
of the pucks we're gonna be unboxing
okay so warp pad cleanup someone like
that whoops
sorry shouldn't hit that so hard and so
now instead okay so here here here I'm
gonna pretend this is my other mouse pad
which sits at the edge of my desk like
this right so instead of having my arm
on the edge of the desk when I'm moving
it around now my arm is on a curved
surface and I am more comfortable that's
it that's the whole thing it's like a
fairly simple concept but climb songs
are pretty much any desk so you can see
the minimum thickness is kind of about
like that I would say where it's gonna
grip on with any force you got rubber
grippy things on this side and then
you've also this parts plastic but it's
pretty it's a pretty grippy plastic so
you shouldn't have too much trouble in
terms of it staying attached you can see
there's a little nook
so that you don't jam it on too far it's
only meant for the edge of the table to
be right about here in terms of the size
of the work pad here I'll just hold it
up to myself so you can see
approximately how big it is
I'd say it's got plenty of length and it
should be wide enough for 90 95 percent
of gamers not too many people use got
very very low sensitivity style okay it
has a warranty of one year and I think
that's pretty much it that was it that
was the unboxing that was the product
showcase and that was even the SAP guide
so thank you for checking out this first
look at the warp pad from XFX don't
forget to subscribe to - tech tips from
Ron boxing's reviews and other computer
videos